Sip-0044 (#45)
DistributedCollective/SIPS: SIP-0044.md

If approved, this proposal will upgrade the Staking contract to an implementation that prevents a critical vulnerability.

The chosen mitigation strategy restricts the ability for an attacker to creatively combine calls in a single block or create loops which could potentially be harmful, while not hindering the normal usage and composability of the contract.

## Motivation

We have noticed that a handful of design decisions of the staking contract create a vulnerability when combined in a given way. Individually most of them make sense, or made sense when the contract was first deployed, but when taken in today's context and combined in the same block with specific prior context, they open the door to a voting power manipulation exploit.

Fixing the underlying causes is a large undertaking, requiring a partial rewrite of the contract and possibly a split, because the contract is already as large as allowed by the EVM (contract size must be below 24kB). This is not something we want to do in a rush, nor do we want to keep the staking contract paused longer than strictly necessary.

## Details

> In order to close the vulnerability and its various variants, we have opted for a mitigation strategy that thwarts them by forbidding a number of scenarios which we think have no real practical use for the users, while being necessary to enable the exploit. Namely, if this SIP is approved, it will forbid a number of actions from happening **in the same block** as a call to the `stake(...)` function, for the same `lockDate` timestamp:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to defend against the exploit and its various variants, we have opted for a mitigation strategy that thwarts them by forbidding a number of scenarios which we think have no real practical use for the users, while being necessary to enable the exploit. Namely, if this SIP is approved, it will forbid a number of actions from happening **in the same block** as a call to the `stake(...)` function, for the same `lockDate` timestamp:
```

Author: we are closing the vulnerability, the exploit means using the vulnerability
so initial statement looks more accurate
